hi how are you doing I'm cristian 37
million 576 thousand three hundred thirty
as it is here for those who do not know
still because they live in a thermos
I will show the proof of why they say that
john travolta is a homosexual eater
cocks sucks cocks said travolta
greater michael to forgiveness I thought you were
george michael good as I told you this
chabón made several films between
I know best and fever style alain
Saturday night he liked the
mine but a bitch calls me my grandmother and
says that I did not have a test and I
showed these images but before also
is the eyes the ears the ass and the mouth
if you open them egg egg egg you
I very much wish that nobody sees them
let's go to bed dear or let me
have art on the record while dancing
as I told you it is said that john travolta
walk with blacks and transvestites walking around
there fooling all his girlfriends here in
these images is john travolta a
command is a hat on the disc hey ching
my wife knows
[Applause]
in tennis with the sad as a transvestite
every night and they fight between transvestites
putting together a chain
I sucked 234 new firecrackers my grandmother and
homophobes that say john travolta
It's gay although sometimes I doubt it because I
have told that he also likes
old only black and young supporters
john travolta was right he said
that women are attracted to
dancers who make many movements
similar to those of an actor like me
said but it seems that it attracts more
Black breaks asses and the crossbars
sucks churros effects
to the reputation but that I just saw john
travolta dealing with an old man
this is the true proof that
travolta is homosexual if they are fixed
carefully you will see the threads of the
valvanera
dear I will tell you that I have had
relations with john travolta and I 've
well known although sometimes seemed
a little weird because when I was leaving
I had no milk in the shell it
he said he did not feel anything and that he preferred
more black missionaries than mines
that made me suspect a bit that
I could be homosexual
you heard my son
but you did not fuck you heard me you
I said you had rotten head
shell of your sister my dear grandmother and
you always had you and your old man like
you will not realize old with
alzheimer already have my balls full
one of those candles images she went through
youtube are the only ones that I have but
I assure you that it is enough to give
realize that john travolta is homosexual
if you do not realize they are heads of
poronga like my grandmother goodbye